candy candy candy candy candy how come
mr. plotz wants to see me I was hungry
oh we're stopped I bet it's just for a
second okay you see oh okay
one time engines graham bell's got stuck
in an elevator and their inner sole only
became skeleton people maybe we should
call for help I meant on the ethical
wanna sing songs over MacDonald had a
farm eieio with a quack quack here and a
quack quack there here a quack there a
quack everywhere a quack quack Old
MacDonald had a farm eieio can't down is
to sing a song doo-dah doo-dah can't
outrace these three miles long overdue
dar day chopsticks em chopsticks and
toxics in toxics in toxics in toxics in
toxics top top doctors and doctors and
top this and chopsticks and chopsticks
and chopsticks and chopsticks top top
okay
hey one here joke not even a knock-knock
joke it's really funny
knock-knock
max max wants to come in and go crazy if
what if you knew max if you did you'd be
laughing
Arden branded
faster faster I want to do that again
that's done neat